LEGAL NOTICES

This document supports the XNOR.AI® SDK. This document was last updated January
8, 2019.

# # #

COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARK NOTICES

© Copyright 2019 XNOR.AI, INC. All rights reserved.

XNOR.AI and the XNOR.AI logo are registered or unregistered trademarks of
XNOR.AI, INC. in the United States and other jurisdictions. All other trademarks
are the property of their respective owners.

This copy of the XNOR.AI SDK is being made available for limited, non-commercial
purposes for developers authorized to download and use this SDK pursuant to and
in accordance with the XNOR.AI Evaluation SDK License Terms set forth below,
which includes, among other things, a right on the part of both you and XNOR.AI
to terminate the agreement embodied in the Evaluation SDK License Terms at any
time (see Section 8.2 below) and an agreement to arbitrate any dispute that
might arise between you and XNOR.AI (see Section 10.1 below).

# # #

XNOR.AI EVALUATION SDK LICENSE TERMS : FOR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES

THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT GOVERN YOUR ACCESS TO AND
USE OF THE XNOR.AI SDK FOR NON-COMMERCIAL PURPOSES RELATED TO EVALUATION OF THE
XNOR.AI SDK. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, WHICH WE REFER TO AS THE "AGREEMENT,"
ARE AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU AND XNOR.AI (OR, IF YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCESS
AND USE THE XNOR.AI SDK ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OF WHICH YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OR
OTHER TYPE OF AUTHORIZED AGENT, BETWEEN THAT ENTITY AND XNOR.AI). THE TERMS
"XNOR.AI," "WE," "US," AND "OUR" REFER TO XNOR.AI, INC., A DELAWARE CORPORATION.
YOU ARE REFERRED TO WITH THE TERMS "YOU" AND "YOUR." ALSO, EITHER US OR YOU MAY
BE REFERRED TO IN THIS AGREEMENT AS A "PARTY" AND, COLLECTIVELY, AS THE
"PARTIES."

READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI SDK OR ANY
OF ITS COMPONENTS. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI SDK OR ANY OF ITS
COMPONENTS, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE XNOR.AI SDK.

THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS DO NOT ALTER IN ANY WAY THE TERMS OR CONDITIONS OF
ANY OTHER AGREEMENT YOU MAY HAVE WITH US FOR PRODUCTS, SERVICES, SOFTWARE,
TOOLS, DOCUMENTATION, OR OTHERWISE. IF YOU ARE ACCESSING OR USING THE XNOR.AI
SDK ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY OF WHICH YOU ARE AN EMPLOYEE OR OTHER TYPE OF AGENT,
YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT ON
SUCH ENTITY'S BEHALF.

THE CAPITALIZED TERMS THAT WE USE IN THIS AGREEMENT ARE DEFINED IN SECTION 11
BELOW OR ELSEWHERE IN THIS AGREEMENT.

1. DESCRIPTION OF THE XNOR.AI SDK

1.1 The XNOR.AI SDK Comprises Several Components.

The XNOR.AI SDK comprises modules (in executable, binary format), certain data
(also in binary format), sample applications (in source code format and/or
executable, binary format), headers and other support files (in source code
format), scripts for building samples (also in source code format), and certain
documentation in plain text. These components, collectively, are referred to
herein as the XNOR.AI SDK, as more fully defined in Section 11.8 below. Modules,
including any data, sample applications, headers and other support files, or
documentation accompanying modules, which, together, make up components of the
XNOR.AI SDK, are sometimes referred to in this Agreement, separately, as
"Modules." However, all references in this Agreement to the XNOR.AI SDK include
Modules, as components of the XNOR.AI SDK.

1.2 You May Access Modules Separately.

From time to time, we may make certain Modules available to you separately from
the XNOR.AI SDK as a whole. For example, after accessing and using the XNOR.AI
SDK for the evaluation purposes described in this Agreement, you may wish to
access and use an additional Module made available by us separately. If, now or
in the future, you access one or more Modules separately from your access to the
XNOR.AI SDK as a whole, your access to and use of the Module is subject to the
terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set forth in this Agreement,
plus any additional terms, conditions, limitations, or restrictions set forth in
this Agreement that apply only to Modules.

2. YOUR PERMISSION TO USE THE XNOR.AI SDK

2.1 We Grant You a Limited License to Develop Software Applications for Purposes
of Evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK.

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, we hereby grant
you a limited, non-exclusive license to access the XNOR.AI SDK on machines and
devices owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you and internally use the
XNOR.AI SDK for the purpose of developing one or more Software Applications in
the manner described in the documentation that is contained in or that
accompanies the XNOR.AI SDK for the sole purpose of evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK
and its components. You may not access or use the XNOR.AI SDK or a reproduction
of the XNOR.AI SDK for any other purpose, and you will not knowingly allow any
person or entity that gains access to the XNOR.AI SDK through you to do anything
that is not permitted by this Agreement. You may not reproduce the XNOR.AI SDK
or any component of the XNOR.AI SDK except as otherwise expressly permitted by
this Agreement. You may not market, rent, distribute, publicly display, publish,
disclose, license, sublicense, transfer, assign, sell, or offer to sell the
XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components to others except as otherwise expressly
permitted by this Agreement. You may not modify the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its
components, including any source code associated with the XNOR.AI SDK, except as
otherwise expressly permitted by this Agreement, unless you have entered into a
separate agreement with us that expressly grants you permission to do so. For
the avoidance of doubt, the license granted to you in this Section 2.1 relates
solely to your use of the XNOR.AI SDK and, in no event, are you granted an
implied license to exercise rights with respect to any other intellectual
property owned, licensed, or otherwise controlled by us.

2.2 You are Free to Use Your Software Applications Internally for Purposes of
Evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK and Its Components.

In connection with the license to the XNOR.AI SDK that we grant to you in
Section 2.1 above, you are free to use the Software Application, or Software
Applications, that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK internally for purposes of
evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK and its components; provided that you do not
distribute, commercialize, or otherwise make your Software Applications
available for use by others; provided, further, that you do not, directly or
indirectly, market, rent, distribute, publicly display, publish, disclose,
license, sublicense, transfer, sell, offer to sell, or furnish the XNOR.AI SDK
or its components to others, including in conjunction with or as part of your
Software Application, or Software Applications. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
we grant you permission to display your Software Applications on a limited
basis, in low volume, for demonstration purposes only, consistent with your goal
of evaluating the XNOR.AI SDK. If you wish to use the Software Application, or
Software Applications, that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK in a manner that
is not permitted by this Agreement, prior to doing so, you will contact us at
sales@xnor.ai. At our discretion, we may agree to enter into additional terms
and conditions with you concerning your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK.
Additional terms and conditions, if any, will consist of a separate written
agreement between us and you (or a rider to this Agreement that, when executed
and delivered by us and you, is incorporated into the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement). Either way, the separate agreement (or rider) will
contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in this Agreement
that will apply to your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK in the manner that we
and you agree upon. The separate agreement (or rider) may include fees in
consideration for additional rights and fewer restrictions.

2.3 You May Modify and Compile Distributable Source Code, If Any, Included in
the XNOR.AI SDK.

To the extent that Distributable Source Code is provided to you as part of the
XNOR.AI SDK, we hereby grant you permission to use, modify, and compile the
Distributable Source Code for the purposes of developing Software Applications
pursuant to the license granted by us to you in Sections 2.1 and 2.2 above and
use the machine-readable object code that is created by compiling the
Distributable Source Code with your Software Application, or Software
Applications, in accordance with the license granted by us to you in Sections
2.1 and 2.2 above. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will not modify any files
that are included in the XNOR.AI SDK.

2.4 End Users of Your Software Applications Cannot Be Allowed to Reverse
Engineer Your Software Applications.

In order to protect our proprietary rights in the XNOR.AI SDK, you must require
end users of your Software Applications, in the terms and conditions that apply
to their access to and use of your Software Applications, to expressly agree not
to Reverse Engineer your Software Applications, except to the extent that you
are expressly precluded by applicable law from imposing such restrictions.

2.5 You Are Not Allowed to Use the XNOR.AI SDK in a Manner that Makes It Subject
to an Open Source License Agreement.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, you may
not combine, distribute, or otherwise use the XNOR.AI SDK with any code or other
content that is licensed pursuant to a license agreement that, directly or
indirectly, requires that all or part of the XNOR.AI SDK be governed pursuant to
any terms or conditions other than those set forth in this Agreement
("Non-Allowable License"). By way of example only, code or content licensed
pursuant to the following license agreements is not allowed: (a) the GNU General
Public License (GPL); (b) the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), unless
you are merely dynamically linking a shared library; or (c) the Creative Commons
Attribution-ShareAlike License. You may not license or sublicense the XNOR.AI
SDK pursuant to a Non-Allowable License, and any attempt, completed attempt, or
written agreement by you to do so will cause this Agreement to automatically and
immediately terminate, including immediate termination of the licenses and
permissions that we grant to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2 , and 2.3 above. For the
avoidance of doubt, none of the terms or conditions set forth in this Section
2.5 are meant to limit any rights or obligations you may have pursuant to one or
more open source license agreements pursuant to which we, now or in the future,
may make certain components of the XNOR.AI SDK, such as scripts, available for
use by developers. In the event, we will make it clear that such components are
licensed pursuant to an open source license and not this Agreement.

3. YOUR OBLIGATIONS WHEN YOU CHOOSE TO USE THE XNOR.AI SDK

3.1 You Are Responsible for Your and Your Authorized User's Use of the XNOR.AI
SDK.

You are responsible for all acts and omissions related, directly or indirectly,
to accessing, downloading, installing, and using the XNOR.AI SDK by you and, if
applicable, each of your Authorized Users. YOU WILL ENSURE THAT:

3.1.1 You have the right and authority to enter into this Agreement, either on
your own behalf or on behalf of an entity of whom you are an employee or other
type of authorized agent;

3.1.2 You are at least 18 years of age or the age of majority in the
jurisdiction in which you reside, whichever is greater;

3.1.3 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users only use the XNOR.AI SDK in
accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement (including
the limitations and restrictions on distribution and commercial use of Software
Applications); all applicable laws and regulations; and the documentation
provided by us to you, if any, as part of and for use in conjunction with the
XNOR.AI SDK;

3.1.4 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users use reasonable efforts to
secure and protect from inadvertent disclosure to others the contents of the
XNOR.AI SDK, including any associated documentation;

3.1.5 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not incorporate the
XNOR.AI SDK into any other software development kit or integrated development
environment without the prior written consent of one of our authorized officers;

3.1.6 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not work around any
technical limitations in any of the components comprised by the XNOR.AI SDK;

3.1.7 Neither your Software Applications nor any of the products, services, and
content made available through or as a part of your Software Applications
infringes any of our, our affiliates', our customers', or any other third
party's Intellectual Property Rights;

3.1.8 Each of your Software Applications and their intended uses, including any
and all products, services, and content made available through or as a part of
your Software Applications, comply with all applicable laws and regulations;

3.1.9 You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users do not knowingly, after
making such inquiries as a reasonable person in your or your Authorized Users'
position would undertake, develop or distribute Software Applications or make
any products, services, or content available through or as a part of your
Software Applications the use of which, in isolation or with any hardware,
software, systems, networks, services, content, or data, contain features or
functionality, accessible to end users or otherwise, that could be used for
inappropriate or improper purposes (including any and all criminal and tortious
activity) or otherwise have a detrimental effect on any person or entity; and

3.1.10 You take appropriate actions to ensure that your Authorized Users, if
any, comply with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, which may
include entering into a written agreement with each of your Authorized Users
that contain terms and conditions designed to ensure that your obligations in
this Agreement and similar agreements are and will be met.

3.2 The XNOR.AI SDK is Subject to Certain Export and Import Restrictions.

You acknowledge that we are subject to regulation by agencies of the United
States, such as the U.S. Treasury Department and the U.S. Commerce Department,
which prohibit export or diversion of certain products and/or technology to
certain countries, persons, or entities. You understand that the XNOR.AI SDK may
include software or other materials that are subject to export, import, and/or
use controls by the U.S. government or other governments with authority over
jurisdictions from which the XNOR.AI SDK is being exported or to which the
XNOR.AI SDK is being imported. You agree that the XNOR.AI SDK will not be
exported, imported, used, transferred, or re-exported except in compliance with
such laws, regulations, and controls. More specifically, you agree that you will
not supply the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components to any person or entity if
you know, or have reason to know, that such person intends to export or
re-export the XNOR.AI SDK or such components in violation of such laws,
regulations, or controls. Further, you agree not to download, export, or
re-export the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its component (a) into (or to a national or
resident of) any country to which the United States has embargoed goods; or (b)
to any person on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Commerce Department's Denied Person's List.
Notwithstanding any agreement with a third party or any provision of law,
regulation, or policy, if you are any agency of the government of the United
States, then your rights in respect of the XNOR.AI SDK will not exceed the
rights provided pursuant to this Agreement, unless you have entered into a
separate agreement with us, signed by one of our authorized officers, in which
we have granted you permission to do so.

3.3 You Will Give Us Credit in Your Software Applications and In Connection with
Other Promotional Activities for Use of the XNOR.AI SDK.

The XNOR.AI SDK may include instructions or requirements concerning proper
attribution to us in consideration for your use of it to develop Software
Applications. Unless we agree or instruct you otherwise, you will comply with
such instructions and requirements and agree that you will not remove or disable
any proprietary rights notices or features or functionality of the XNOR.AI SDK
that are intended to give attribution to us for the products and services that
we have developed. By way of example only, the XNOR.AI SDK may include
instructions for a flash screen that exhibits when your Software Application
launches, displaying our logo or a brief marketing statement. In addition, in
connection with your promotion of Software Applications (through activities such
as disseminating videos, publishing blogs, sending emails, public presentations,
or other similar promotional activities), you will ensure that your promotions
are accompanied by attribution to us and the XNOR.AI SDK in consideration for
your use of it to develop the Software Applications you are promoting.

4. USE OF THE XNOR.AI SDK IS NOT FREE IN ALL INSTANCES

4.1 We Do Not Charge a Fee for Use in Developing Software Applications Pursuant
to and in Accordance with this Agreement.

If you use the XNOR.AI SDK to develop one or more Software Applications pursuant
to the licenses and permissions granted by us to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and
2.3 above and adhere to the terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set
forth in this Agreement, we do not charge you a fee for your use of the XNOR.AI
SDK. However, the XNOR.AI SDK, though free for the purpose stated in this
Section 4.1, is not open source software of the kind that is free to repurpose
and redistribute without any limitations or restrictions, and you are still
subject to all of the terms, conditions, limitations, and restrictions set forth
in this Agreement.

4.2 We May Charge a Fee for Certain Uses of the XNOR.AI SDK; Additional Terms
and Conditions Will Apply.

If you wish to use the XNOR.AI SDK in a manner that is not permitted by this
Agreement, prior to using the XNOR.AI SDK for that purpose, you will contact us
at sales@xnor.ai. At our discretion, we may agree to enter into additional terms
and conditions with you concerning your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK.
Additional terms and conditions, if any, will consist of a separate written
agreement between us and you (or a rider to this Agreement that, when executed
and delivered by us and you, is incorporated into the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement). Either way, the separate agreement (or rider) will
contain terms and conditions in addition to those set forth in this Agreement
that will apply to your licensed use of the XNOR.AI SDK in the manner that we
and you agree upon. The separate agreement (or rider) may include fees in
consideration for additional rights and fewer restrictions.

4.3 You Will Cooperate with Us to Promote the XNOR.AI SDK and Software
Applications Developed by You.

You will cooperate with us by accepting any reasonable request from us to
support efforts promoting the use of the XNOR.AI SDK and Software Applications
that you develop using the XNOR.AI SDK, including the following: (a) requests by
us to participate in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting the
benefits of using the XNOR.AI SDK; and (b) requests by us to participate in
customer case studies that we develop, including allowing us to demonstrate the
effectiveness, quality, and value of the XNOR.AI SDK by showcasing one or more
of the Software Applications that you develop in such studies or in marketing,
promotional, and demonstration materials that we publish, display, and
distribute. We will not undertake any of the activities described in this
Section 4.3 without your prior approval. However, if you give us your approval
pursuant to this Section 4.3, you hereby grant us a worldwide, perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicenseable, royalty-free
license to reproduce and use your name and trademarks and logos, if any, in
connection with our production, use, publication, display, and distribution of
such case studies and other marketing, promotional, and demonstration materials.

4.4 If Any Sales or Other Use Taxes Apply, You Agree that You Are Responsible
for Them.

You acknowledge and agree that, as between us and you, you are solely
responsible for paying all applicable customs, duties, sales, use, value added,
or other taxes, federal, state, or otherwise, however designated, that are
levied or imposed by reason of the licenses granted and other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, excluding only taxes based on our net income.

5. THERE ARE CONSEQUENCES FOR A BREACH OF YOUR OBLIGATIONS IN SECTIONS 2.1
THROUGH 3.3 ABOVE.

If you become aware of any circumstances that constitute an actual or threatened
breach of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or restrictions set
forth in Sections 2.1 through 3.3 above, you will notify us promptly in writing
and immediately take all steps reasonably necessary to correct and remedy the
circumstances that constitute the actual or threatened breach. Failure to comply
with any of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or restrictions set
forth in Sections 2.1 through 3.3 above, including your obligations set forth in
this Section 5, will constitute a material breach of this Agreement, and we will
have the right to immediately terminate this Agreement, with or without advance
notice, including termination of the licenses and permissions that we grant to
you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above. Our right to terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 5 is not our exclusive remedy. As set forth in Section
10.9 below, we may have additional rights and remedies under the law, which we
are free to exercise.

6. WE RESERVE OUR RIGHTS TO THE XNOR.AI SDK AND OUR OTHER PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

6.1 We Reserve Our Intellectual Property and Other Proprietary Rights.

We reserve all rights to the XNOR.AI SDK not otherwise expressly granted in
Section 2 above. The XNOR.AI SDK, including each copy of the XNOR.AI SDK and all
components of the XNOR.AI SDK, including Modules, are licensed to you, not sold.
You acknowledge that your rights in and to XNOR.AI SDK are solely as set forth
in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above and do not include any implied licenses to
or any rights of ownership in the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components. You
agree that we own all right, title, and interest, including any and all
Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the XNOR.AI SDK and any and all
authorized and unauthorized changes, corrections, or other modification made to
and derivative works of the XNOR.AI SDK. You hereby irrevocably assign to us any
and all rights you are deemed to have in any such modifications and derivatives,
including any and all associated Intellectual Property Rights, and agree to
execute all documents necessary to implement and effect this assignment.

6.2 You Know that You May Need to Seek and Obtain Other Licenses.

You understand that this Agreement only grants a license to the XNOR.AI SDK,
itself, for non-commercial purposes and that you may need to seek and obtain
licenses or other forms of permission from us or others in order to use,
reproduce, publish, display, license, sell, offer for sale, or distribute your
Software Applications in the manner that you intend. You agree that we have no
obligation to you with respect to providing notice of or acquiring such licenses
or permissions, and you understand that this Agreement does not transfer,
assign, or license to you any Intellectual Property Rights in or related to any
other products or services designed and developed by us, now or in the future,
that are not covered by this Agreement.

6.3 You Will Not Assert Patent Claims Against Us.

You will not assert, either during the term of this Agreement or after the
expiration of this Agreement, any patent claims in any jurisdiction against us,
our affiliates, or any of our respective licensees in which you allege that one
or more patents, directly or indirectly, are infringed based on: (a) any version
of the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components; or (b) the interoperation of any
product, service, or technology offered by us, our affiliates, or any of our
respective licensees with the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its components.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you will be relieved of this obligation where
your patent claims are being asserted defensively in response to a third-party
claim, and the third party asserting such claim does not withdraw that assertion
within 10 days after being notified of your obligations set forth in this
Section 6.3.

6.4 If You Choose to Provide Us with Feedback, We Own the Feedback You Provide.

You and, if applicable, your Authorized Users may provide us with feedback on
the XNOR.AI SDK, including feedback on bugs, faults, errors, and
non-conformities within or relating to the XNOR.AI SDK and suggestions for
improvements to the XNOR.AI SDK, one or more of its components, or one or more
of our other products or services (collectively, "Feedback"). You hereby agree
that we will own any and all Feedback, with no obligation to pay any amounts to
you or others, including all modifications to the XNOR.AI SDK, each of the
components of the XNOR.AI SDK, and each of our other products and services that
are developed or identified in the course or as a result of your use of the
XNOR.AI SDK, including all associated Intellectual Property Rights (collectively
"Improvements"). To the extent that you are deemed to have any ownership rights
in and to any Improvements, you hereby assign to us all of your right, title,
and interest in and to such Improvements, including all associated Intellectual
Property Rights. Further, you will not knowingly provide us with any
Improvements that are subject to third-party Intellectual Property Rights, and
you hereby agree to cooperate fully and to ensure that your Authorized Users
cooperate fully with us with respect to executing and delivering any further
instruments and doing any other acts that we reasonably request in order to
ensure that we own any and all Improvements and to enable us to register and
otherwise protect any and all Intellectual Property Rights associated with
Improvements.

7. OUR WARRANTIES AND OUR LIABILITY ARE EXPRESSLY LIMITED

7.1 Our Warranties are Expressly Limited.

THE XNOR.AI SDK IS PROVIDED BY US TO YOU "AS IS," AND WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR
OTHERWISE, IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
PROVIDED PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT. BECAUSE THE XNOR.AI SDK IS PROVIDED AS-IS,
WE MAY NOT PROVIDE YOU WITH ANY TECHNICAL SUPPORT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF
IT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY THAT
THE XNOR.AI SDK WILL BE ERROR FREE OR THAT ALL ERRORS IN THE XNOR.AI SDK WILL BE
CORRECTED. WE ALSO SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, ACCURACY, QUALITY, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, COMPLETENESS,
RELIABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE (EVEN IF WE ARE ADVISED OF THE
PURPOSE), TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT AND THOSE IMPLIED WARRANTIES, IF ANY,
ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE. ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE
HEREBY EXCLUDED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. NO ADVICE OR
INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM US OR ELSEWHERE WILL CREATE
ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY,
SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 7.1 MAY NOT APPLY.

7.2 Our Liability is Expressly Limited.

IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT
OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY US TO
YOU PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT IN EXCESS OF ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS, REGARDLESS
OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY SOUNDS IN CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT
LIABILITY, WARRANTY, OR OTHERWISE. FURTHER, IN NO EVENT WILL WE BE LIABLE FOR
(a) ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, ARISING OUT OF ANY PRODUCTS,
SERVICES, OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH OR AS A PART OF YOUR SOFTWARE
APPLICATIONS OR (b) ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, WHETHER OR NOT SUCH DAMAGES COULD
REASONABLY BE FORESEEN AND EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.

7.3 These Limitations of Liability Represent Independent Allocations of Risk and
Reflect that the XNOR.AI SDK is Made Available to You at No Cost or Almost No
Cost.

EACH PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY,
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF
THIS AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES. THIS ALLOCATION IS REFLECTED IN THE PRICING
OFFERED BY US TO YOU AND IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN
BETWEEN US AND YOU. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL
OTHER PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 7 WILL APPLY
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY IN THIS
AGREEMENT.

8. THIS AGREEMENT MAY HAVE A LIMITED TERM AND MAY BE TERMINATED

8.1 This Agreement May Have a Limited Term.

This Agreement is effective upon your agreement to be bound by its terms and
conditions, as manifested by the conduct described in the second paragraph
above, and expires upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with the
provisions set forth in Section 8.2 below or, in the case in which you have
entered into additional licensing terms and conditions in the form of a rider to
this Agreement (please refer to Sections 2.2 and 4.2 above), upon the expiration
or earlier termination of that rider. Upon termination of this Agreement for any
reason, the licenses and permissions that we grant to you in this Agreement will
immediately and automatically terminate, including the licenses and permissions
granted by us to you in Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.3 above, at which point you
will immediately stop accessing and/or using the XNOR.AI SDK, including all
copies and components of the XNOR.AI SDK, and promptly destroy all copies and
components of the XNOR.AI SDK in your possession or control, unless you have
permission to keep and use such copies and components pursuant to a separate
written agreement between us and you. If we ask, you will provide us with proof
that such copies and components were destroyed.

8.2 This Agreement May be Terminated or Suspended Under Certain Circumstances.

EITHER PARTY IS ALLOWED TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON
OR NO REASON BY SENDING THE OTHER PARTY WRITTEN NOTICE. For the avoidance of
doubt, we are allowed to terminate this Agreement immediately, without penalty
or liability of any kind, if you or one of your Authorized Users (a) fails to
comply with one or more of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations, or
restrictions set forth in this Agreement, including those in Sections 2.1
through 3.3 above; (b) tortiously or unfairly interferes with our customers, our
business relations, or our operations; or (c) fails to comply with the terms and
conditions set forth in any other agreement between us and you (each, "Cause").
We are also permitted to terminate or suspend this Agreement if we determine, in
our reasonable judgment, that any applicable law, regulation, or ruling
prohibits us from providing the XNOR.AI SDK or any component of the XNOR.AI SDK
to you or one or more of your Authorized Users. If this Agreement is terminated
for Cause, you will immediately cease any and all use of any Software
Application, or Software Applications, that you developed using the XNOR.AI SDK.
Further, regardless of whether or not this Agreement is terminated for Cause or
otherwise, you agree to immediately cease any and all use of any Software
Application, or Software Applications, that do not comply with the terms and
conditions set forth in this Agreement or were developed by you or one or more
of your Authorized Users without complying with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, we will not have any
liability to you or your Authorized Users as a result of our termination or
suspension of this Agreement in accordance with the terms and conditions set
forth in this Agreement or any termination or suspension of the license to use
the XNOR.AI SDK granted by us to you as long as such termination or suspension
complies with the terms of this Agreement. If this Agreement is terminated for
Cause, you will pay us all reasonable attorney fees, fees related to
collections, and related expenses, actually incurred by us in connection with
our enforcement of our rights.

8.3 Some Terms and Conditions Will Survive the Termination of this Agreement.

The terms, conditions, representations, warranties, limitations, restrictions,
and obligations contained in this Agreement that, by their sense and context,
are intended to survive the performance of this Agreement will survive the
completion of such performance and the termination of this Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, any and all payment obligations that accrue to us pursuant
to this Agreement prior to the effective date of its termination are intended to
survive. However, none of the licenses or permissions granted by us to you
pursuant to this Agreement, including those granted pursuant to Sections 2.1,
2.2, and 2.3 are intended to survive.

9. YOU WILL INDEMNIFY US FROM CERTAIN THIRD-PARTY CLAIMS THAT MIGHT BE ASSERTED
AGAINST US DUE TO YOUR ACTS OR OMISSIONS

You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless us and our affiliates and each of
our respective officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
independent contractors, consultants, shareholders, licensors, vendors, and
suppliers from and against any liabilities, losses, damages, and expenses,
including court costs and reasonable attorney's fees, arising out of or in
connection with any third-party claim (each, a "Claim") that: (a) alleges the
infringement or misappropriation of any Intellectual Property Right by: (i) one
or more of your Software Applications or the use thereof, including the
combination of one or more of your Software Applications with any hardware,
software, systems, networks, services, content, or data; (ii) any product,
service, or content made available, or required to be made available, through or
as a part of one or more of your Software Applications; or (iii) your or your
Authorized Users' combination of the XNOR.AI SDK or any of its component with
any hardware, software, systems, networks, services, content, or data; (b)
alleges libel, slander, or defamation in connection with the use of one or more
of your Software Applications or any product, service, or content made available
through or as a part of one or more of your Software Applications; (c) alleges
injury, death, or property or other damage arising from or related to the use of
one or more of your Software Applications or any product, service, or content
made available through or as a part of one or more of your Software
Applications; (d) alleges facts that, if true, constitute a breach of your or
your Authorized User's obligations set forth in this Agreement or any other
agreement between us and you; or (e) alleges facts that, if true, would
constitute a violation of applicable law or regulation by you or one or more of
your Authorized Users in connection with the performance of this Agreement or
the development, sale, and/or distribution of one or more of your Software
Applications. Your obligations pursuant to this Section 9, with respect to each
Claim, are contingent upon: (x) us providing you with notice of the Claim; (y)
us providing reasonable cooperation, at your expense, in the defense and
settlement of the Claim; and (z) you having sole authority to defend or settle
the Claim; provided, that the failure to provide notice of the Claim will not
relieve you of your obligations pursuant to this Section 9 except to the extent
of any material prejudice directly resulting from our failure and you will not
settle any Claim in a manner that admits guilt on behalf of us or imposes any
restriction or obligation on us without obtaining the advance written consent of
one of our authorized officers.

10. ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS THAT APPLY TO OUR AGREEMENT WITH YOU

10.1 We Will Resolve Our Disputes, If Any, by Negotiation and, If Necessary,
Arbitration.

In the event of any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement arising from or
relating to this Agreement or the breach of this Agreement, the Parties will use
their best efforts to settle the dispute, claim, question, or disagreement. To
this end, the Parties will consult and negotiate with each other in good faith
and, recognizing their mutual interests, attempt to reach a just and equitable
resolution satisfactory to both Parties. If the Parties do not reach such a
resolution within a period of 60 days, then, upon notice by either Party to the
other, all such disputes, claims, questions, or disagreements will be finally
settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association in
accordance with the provisions of its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment
on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof. Within 14 days after the commencement of arbitration, each
Party will select one person to act as arbitrator and the two arbitrators
selected by the parties will select a third arbitrator within 10 days after the
day on which the second of them is appointment. If the arbitrators selected by
the Parties are unable or fail to agree upon the third arbitrator, the third
arbitrator will be selected by the American Arbitration Association. The place
of the arbitration will be Seattle, Washington, U.S.A. The language of the
arbitration will be English. Either Party, if it wishes to do so, may apply to
the arbitrators seeking injunctive relief until the arbitration award is
rendered or the controversy is otherwise resolved. Either Party, without waiving
any remedy under this Agreement, also may seek from any court having
jurisdiction any interim or provisional relief that is necessary to protect the
rights or property of that Party, pending the establishment of the arbitral
tribunal (or pending the arbitral tribunal's determination of the merits of the
controversy). Except as may be required by law or as otherwise expressly
permitted by this Section 10.1, neither a Party nor an arbitrator may disclose
the existence, content, or results of any arbitration conducted pursuant to this
Section 10.1, including any determination made or award given, without the prior
written consent of both Parties.

10.2 The Parties May Seek Equitable Remedies from a Court of Law in Certain
Circumstances.

Notwithstanding Section 10.1 above, each Party acknowledges and agrees that, due
to the unique nature of Intellectual Property Rights, licenses to Intellectual
Property Rights, and trade secrets and other confidential information, there can
be no adequate remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of a Party's
obligations related to such matters, that any such breach or threatened breach
may allow the defaulting Party or third parties to unfairly compete with the
non-defaulting Party resulting in irreparable harm to the non-defaulting Party,
that any such breach or threatened breach would cause irreparable harm to the
non-defaulting Party, and, therefore, that upon any such breach or threatened
breach, in addition to any other remedies at law or in equity that the
non-defaulting Party may have, the non-defaulting Party is entitled, without the
requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including
injunctive relief and specific performance. Each Party hereby irrevocably
consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the federal and state courts
located in King County, Washington, U.S.A., in connection with any action
seeking such conservatory or interim measures.

10.3 This Agreement is Governed by the Laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A.

This Agreement and all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or in
connection with this Agreement, including any question regarding its formation,
existence, validity, enforceability, performance, interpretation, breach, or
termination will be governed by and construed in accordance with the substantive
local laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A., without reference to its choice
of law rules and not including the provisions of the 1980 U.N. Convention on
Contracts for the International Sale of Goods.

10.4 Our Relationship with You and Your Relationship with Us is that of
Independent Contractors.

The relationship between us and you is that of independent contractors.
Consistent with each Party's status as an independent contractor, each Party
will retain the sole and exclusive right to supervise, control, or direct the
manner or means by which it performs its duties and exercises its rights under
this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is to be construed as creating an
agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the Parties. Neither
Party shall have any right or authority to assume or create any obligations or
to make any representations or warranties on behalf of the other Party, whether
express or implied, or to bind the other Party in any respect whatsoever.

10.5 Notices Will Be Provided in Writing to the Address that Each Party
Provides.

All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement
will be in writing, addressed to the applicable Party at the street address
and/or email address provided by such Party to the other (which, in the case of
a business entity, may be provided to the other Party by publicly displaying the
address of such Party's principal corporate headquarters on the Internet or
elsewhere), and deemed effectively delivered only: (a) upon personal delivery,
(b) upon delivery by a courier service as confirmed by written delivery
confirmation, (c) upon delivery by facsimile as confirmed by transmission
receipt, (d) upon delivery by email provided that the subject of the email
includes "RESPONSE REQUIRED – LEGAL" and receives a non-automated response, or
(d) five days after deposit in the mail, postage prepaid.

10.6 You May Not Assign this Agreement without Our Consent.

You may not assign or transfer this Agreement, in whole or in part, without our
prior written consent. We may freely assign this Agreement. Any assignment in
violation of this provision will be null and void. Subject to the foregoing,
this Agreement will come to the benefit of the successors and permitted assigns
of the Parties.

10.7 These Terms and Conditions Comprise the Entire Agreement between Us and You
Concerning the XNOR.AI SDK.

These terms and conditions comprise the entire agreement between us and you with
respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all previous
communications, representations, understandings, and agreements, either oral or
written, between us and you with respect to the XNOR.AI SDK and any related
services. No terms, provisions, or conditions of any purchase order,
acknowledgement, or other business form that either Party may use in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement will have any effect on the
rights, duties, or obligations of the Parties under, or otherwise modify, this
Agreement, regardless of any failure of a receiving Party to object to these
terms, provisions, or conditions.

10.8 This Agreement Cannot be Amended or Its Provisions Waived Except Under
Limited Circumstances.

No term or provision of this Agreement will be considered waived by either
Party, and no breach excused by either Party, unless such waiver or consent is
in writing signed on behalf of the Party against whom the waiver is asserted. No
consent by either Party to, or waiver of, a breach by either Party, whether
express or implied, will constitute a consent to, waiver of, or excuse of any
other, different, or subsequent breach by either Party. Except as otherwise set
forth in Section 10.10 below, this Agreement may be amended or supplemented only
by a writing that refers explicitly to this Agreement and that is signed by both
Parties.

10.9 There Are a Few Additional Rules Governing the Interpretation of this
Agreement.

You acknowledge and represent that, in accepting this Agreement, you have had
the opportunity to seek advice as to your legal rights from legal counsel and
that you have read and understood all of the terms and provisions of this
Agreement. As such, no ambiguity will be construed against us based upon a claim
that we drafted the ambiguous language. Also, this Agreement is in the English
language, which language will be controlling, even if interpretations of this
Agreement in other languages are made. The headings appearing at the beginning
of sections contained in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience only
and will not be used to construe or interpret this Agreement. Whenever required
by context, a singular term will include the plural, the plural term will
include the singular, and the gender of any pronoun will include all genders.
References to us and you will include our respective successors and/or permitted
assignees. Any references to recitals, articles, sections, paragraphs,
schedules, exhibits, riders, addenda, and other attachments are to the recitals,
articles, sections, paragraphs, schedules, exhibits, riders, addenda, and other
attachments to this Agreement. A reference to days shall mean calendar days and
not business days or working days, unless otherwise stated in this Agreement.
References to "include" and "including" will not be given a restrictive meaning
and will be interpreted "without limitation." If any provision of this Agreement
is determined to be unenforceable, that provision will be limited or eliminated
to the minimum extent necessary for this Agreement to remain enforceable. The
rights and recourse to remedies set forth in this Agreement will not, under any
circumstances, be deemed to be exclusive. As such, each Party reserves to it all
rights and recourse to remedies afforded by applicable law.

10.10 Modification of this Agreement.

We reserve the right to change or modify the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, or any policy or guideline governing use of the XNOR.AI SDK, at any
time and in our sole discretion; provided, that, in the event of a modification
of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we will notify you of the
modifications and allow you to review and accept the Agreement, as modified,
prior to continuing to use the XNOR.AI SDK. However, your continued use of the
XNOR.AI SDK, following notice of modifications to this Agreement, will
constitute your acceptance of this Agreement, as modified. If you do not agree
to any modifications of this Agreement, as they may occur, you will immediately
discontinue accessing and/or using the XNOR.AI SDK.

11. DEFINITIONS THAT APPLY TO OUR AGREEMENT WITH YOU

For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the meanings
ascribed to them below.

11.1 "API" means an application programming interface.

11.2 "Authorized Users" means: (a) any persons who provide services to you as
full- or part-time employees; and (b) any persons who (i) provide services to
you as contingent workers (e.g., individuals who provide services to you as
independent contractors), (ii) are authorized by you to use the XNOR.AI SDK on
your behalf, and (iii) use the XNOR.AI SDK to develop one or more Software
Applications on your behalf.

11.3 "Distributable Source Code" means certain application templates, code
stubs, code snippets, example applications, sample code, and code fragments in
source code or compiled form that are either included as part of the XNOR.AI SDK
or that we otherwise make available to you pursuant to the licenses and
permissions that we grant to you in Sections 2.1 and 2.3 above.

11.4 "Intellectual Property Rights" means all rights in, to, or arising out of:
(a) any U.S., international, or foreign patent or any software therefore and any
and all reissues, divisions, continuations, renewals, extensions, and
continuations-in-part thereof; (b) inventions (whether patentable or not in any
country or other jurisdiction), invention disclosures, improvements, trade
secrets, proprietary information, know-how, technology, and technical data; (c)
copyrights, copyright registrations, mask works, mask works registrations,
software, moral rights, trademarks, and rights of personality, privacy, and
likeness, whether arising by operation of law, contract, license, or otherwise;
and (d) any other similar or equivalent proprietary rights anywhere in the
world.

11.5 "Reverse Engineer" includes any act of reverse engineering, translating,
disassembling, decompiling, decrypting, or deconstructing (including any aspect
of “dumping of RAM/ROM or persistent storage,” “cable or wireless link
sniffing,” or “black box” reverse engineering) data, software (including
interfaces, protocols, and any other data included in or used in conjunction
with programs that may or may not technically be considered software code),
service, or hardware or any method or process of obtaining or converting any
information, data, or software from one form into a human-readable form.

11.6 "Software Application" means a software application developed using the
XNOR.AI SDK, including Modules.

11.7 "SDK" means any programming package (including any APIs, modules, data,
sample applications, scripts for building sample applications, templates,
headers or other support files, libraries, interfaces, documentation, or other
programming tools or materials, whether tangible or intangible, in whatever form
or medium, including on-line tools) that enables the development of software
applications for any type of platform, framework, or system.

11.8 "XNOR.AI SDK" means the SDK that we make available to you pursuant to this
Agreement for purposes of developing one or more Software Applications, unless
such materials are made available to you pursuant to a separate agreement
between us and you. For purposes of this Agreement, the XNOR.AI SDK expressly
includes Updates, but, for the avoidance of doubt, it does not include other
products or services that we offer and that are not made available to you
pursuant to this Agreement.

11.9 "Updates" means bug fixes, updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications,
and new releases or versions of the XNOR.AI SDK created by us and made available
by us to you pursuant to this Agreement.

12. If You Have Any Questions, Please Contact Us

If you have any questions about the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations,
or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, please do not hesitate to contact
us at sales@xnor.ai. If, prior to accessing or using the XNOR.AI SDK, you decide
that you do not agree to any of the terms, conditions, obligations, limitations,
or restrictions set forth in this Agreement, you have no right to use the
XNOR.AI SDK. In that case, do not attempt to access or use the XNOR.AI SDK by
any means, and if you have already done so, promptly delete the XNOR.AI SDK from
all machines or other devices owned, leased, or otherwise controlled by you.

# # #


